Special Worker arrived at Carolina Dunes to make face-to-face contact with Chase for a follow-up visit.
Special Worker met with Chase in a private interview room at the front of the facility.
Chase arrived wearing a blue sweatshirt, jogging pants, and shoes.
Chase advised he had just got out of gym and appeared to be very sweaty.
Special Worker introduced herself and explained the reason for the visit.
Special Worker learned that Chase is 16 years old.
He is going to be in the 11th grade at Gateway High School.
Special Worker asked Chase how long he has been here at Carolina Dunes.
He advised it has been 14 days.
Chase said things have been going well here.
He actually likes the facility and gets along for the most part.
With everyone, Chase said he's been doing a lot of drawing and playing basketball.
He also does group therapy primarily and occasionally will do individual therapy.
Chase said he is learning coping skills.
He denied that any of his family have come to visit him since he's been here.
He explained he does make phone calls sometimes to his aunt.
Chase said he doesn't help to his manna because he doesn't get along with her at all and doesn't want to hear her voice.
Special Worker inquired about the two accidents that happened regarding him attacking employees.
Chase said he didn't attack employees either time.
The first incident, a staff member grabbed him by his neck.
Chase said he flipped out and grabbed the staff member's wrist so the staff member couldn't move his arms.
Chase said he just blacked out because he didn't appreciate being manhandled like that.
Chase believed this was cleared up and he was told it wasn't his fault because the staff member shouldn't have been so aggressive.
Chase explained he got quote, parallel punishment, in quote, meaning he couldn't participate in group activities for 24 hours.
The second incident, Chase did not attacking anyone.
He said if that were the case it would have been a whole lot worse because Chase self-proclaimed himself to be a strong fighter.
Chase said he was on the fame of his manna.
She was saying that he's going to go to a residential home after he's done with Carolina Dunes.
This trigger chase, and he told her quote, plus you bitch I hope you die, end quote.
Chase said his manna kept saying he was mental and that triggers him.
After the phone call chase ran out and started punching things and throwing things, he said the facility called a code.
And staff members had to restrain him.
Chase denied that he fought anybody, but he said he did wrestle with them a little on the ground.
Chase stated they gave him quote, booty juice, end quote.
Social worker learned from Chase that was medicine in a needle that they put in his thigh to put him to sleep.
Chase claims he slept for a day and a half after giving that medication.
For punishment they took away Chase's discharge date so he is not sure when he will be leaving Carolina Dunes.
Chase started talking about how he is not going to go to a residential home when he's discharged.
He said to make sure it is noted that he will run away or fight anyone that tries to take him to a group home.
Chase said he has been to residential homes before and didn't have to experience his there.
He feels like they don't treat him right.
Chase claims he got abused and wasn't fed properly.
In some of the last homes he was in.
Chase shared that the last group home he went to got shut down because of all the abuse and neglect going on inside there.
Chase stated that facility's name was Carter Clinic.
Social worker inquired with Chase about the gun that was found in his bedroom at home.
Chase confirmed that the handgun belongs to his grandparents that he lived with.
Chase said he got it out of their safe after finding the key.
He decided to get the gun as protection because he had people coming after him.
Chase said that people don't like him and they had been slashing guns at him previously.
Chase said they don't get a long will.
These are kids around his age.
Chase said he just wants to fist fight them and get it over with.
But every time they would come around him they would start pulling out guns.
Chase denies that he had intentions of going to kill anyone and denies that he was going to use it for suicide or anything like that.
Chase said he only wanted the gun to protect himself.
Social worker asked global questions with Chase.
He said prior to coming to Carolina Dunes he was living with his grandparents.
Again, Chase said he does not want to go back there because he feels like,
quote, life is going to be hell, end quote.
Chase said his manna has even told him she's going to make his life hell.
Chase reiterated that he does not get along with her.
He said her and his grandpa are verbally abusive towards him.
One time when he was committed his grandparents decided to go to the Caribbean to celebrate while he was in the hospital.
Chase said he feels like they wait until they can ship him off somewhere to go do fun things.
Chase denied that food is ever an issue at his grandparents house.
He did claim that his name had punched him in the arm wreath that leaned when they were arguing in the car after school.
Discipline is usually getting his phone taken away or grounded, but he said they are always verbally abusive.
Chase denied that the punch left a mark or a bruise, and he denied that things like that happened often.
Chase did not remember another time grandma physically put her hands on him.
Chase confirms that his grandma will take him to the doctor if he complains enough.
He has plenty of clothes at home and no concerns about his well-being needs.
Chase denies any domestic violence in the household, but he said there are a lot of arguments between Anna and grandpa.
He has never seen them use their hands to fight each other.
Chase has no concerns with drugs or alcohol use in the home.
He said if Anna used to drink a lot, but she has quote, she yelled out and quote a lot on that.
Chase made the statement that he feels like his grandparents love has been pushed away from him.
He doesn't feel like he loves his manna anymore.
He said he does love his grandpa, but he sometimes gets on his nerves as well.
Social worker went over body facing with Chase.
He did not provide any disclosure about anyone violating his private areas.
Chase said he would quote beat the shit out of someone if they tried, end quote.
Social worker asked Chase bluntly if he feels safe at his grandparent's house.
He said that he does feel safe at home, but he's afraid he's just not going to be able to get along with his grandparents.
If he is sent back there.
Social worker asked Chase if there was anything else he felt like social worker needed to know or that he wanted to share.
He advised that there was not.
Social worker thanked Chase for meeting with social worker.
Social worker wished him well and left the facility without incident.
